Fixing typos in multiple docs and enhancing the oc procedure (#1073)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/administration-guide/proc_enabling-che-metrics-collections.adoc

.Additional resources

> * For additional information about custom environment properties and how to define them in CheCluster Custom Resource, see link:https://www.eclipse.org/che/docs/che-7/advanced-configuration-options/[Advanced configuration options].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For additional information about custom environment properties and how to define them in CheCluster Custom Resource, see link:{site-baseurl}/che-7/advanced-configuration-options/[Advanced configuration options].
```
